== What is this thing?

The Food Rescue Robot is a Rails 3 web application for managing the logistics
of just-in-time (i.e., warehouse-less) food rescue. It keeps track of donors,
recipients, a pickup and delivery schedule, and all the volunteers responsible
for doing the work. It sends reminders to users about their pickups. The site 
also logs how much food is rescued, and can automatically issue receipts for donations.

== Who uses it? (And how can I?)

Currently, the "Food Rescue Robot" is live at http://robot.boulderfoodrescue.org
and is used by 10 cities around the world. If you're keen to use it, shoot an email to caleb at boulder food rescue (dot) org, and I can set you up with an account. Alternatively, if you would like to fork the source and hack on it yourself you are welcome to. This code is licensed under a Beerware-style license:

  As long as you retain this notice you can do whatever you want with this stuff.
  If we meet some day, and you think this stuff is worth it, you can buy me a
  beer in return.

== Who is responsible?

Most of the site was written by Caleb Phillips, a co-founder of Boulder Food Rescue (http://www.boulderfoodrescue.org) and
adjunct Computer Science professor at the University of Colorado, Boulder. Currently
the site is also being developed in part by folks at MIT Media labs, and some
early design work was done by Sean Weise under an award from the Casey Feldman Foundation:

http://www.colorado.edu/cs/2012/10/10/sean-wiese-receives-first-casey-feldman-award-his-work-boulder-food-rescue

== How can I help?

If you want to help with development, feel free to fork the project. If you have something 
to submit upstream, send a pull request from your fork.
